feat(XXXL-17629): create boilerplate (#1)
XXXLutz/xxxl-boilerplate: README.md

# XXXL boilerplate

> Since this is an open repository, we'd like to clarify, that's <b>it's just useable for our external partners</b>. Thus our partners have the possiblity to develop in our stack without a huge amount of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since this is an open repository, we would like to clarify that this boilerplate <b>is targeted at our external partners (B2B)</b>.
Thus our partners have the possiblity to develop with our stack with minimal efforts.
```

> configurations. They can easily start with developing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simply build your app on top of this boilerplate or take it as an example to easily start with developing.
```
